Redesign PWA TOC (#3320)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/how-to/shortcuts.md

ms.subservice: pwa
ms.date: 09/13/2021
---
# Define app shortcuts (long-press or right-click menus)

App shortcuts let users accomplish common tasks more quickly and easily and can increase their engagement with an app.

On mobile devices, shortcuts can usually be accessed by long-pressing an app icon.  On Windows, shortcuts are integrated as Jumplists.  Jumplists define popup menus that appear when you right-click a tile in the Start menu, or right-click an icon in the taskbar.

Shortcuts on Microsoft Edge, on iOS:

![Shortcuts on Microsoft Edge on iOS](./shortcuts-images/edge-ios-shortcuts.png)

A Jumplist (right-click menu) on the Webboard app, on Windows:

![A Jumplist on the Webboard app on Windows](./shortcuts-images/pwa-shortcuts-in-taskbar.png)

> Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) can also define common tasks as shortcuts in the web app manifest.  See [shortcuts](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Manifest/shortcuts) at MDN > References > Web app manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) can also define common tasks as shortcuts in the web app manifest.  See [Expose common app actions as shortcuts](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps/How_to/Expose_common_actions_as_shortcuts) at MDN > References > Progressive web apps > How to.
```

   > [!div class="mx-imgBorder"]
   > ![Shortcuts are listed in the Application panel](./shortcuts-images/devtools-debug-shortcuts.png)

To learn more about using the Application panel to debug PWAs, see [Debug a Progressive Web App (PWAs)](../../devtools-guide-chromium/progressive-web-apps/index.md).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## See also

> * [shortcuts](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Manifest/shortcuts) at MDN > References > Web app manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Expose common app actions as shortcuts](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps/How_to/Expose_common_actions_as_shortcuts) at MDN > References > Progressive web apps > How to.
```
